Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I am…
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I'm Carlos. I'm Carlos, and I'm going to introduce myself.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Oh, as I said, I'm Carlos, I'm 21 years old.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: from Oviedo, but I currently live in Madrid and study there.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I'm here in the NAU doing an exchange year in Flagstop. This is my second year in the U.S. I used to, last year in Minneapolis during the University of Minnesota, studying, and now in Flagstaff. But my, that's because I did two exchanges, but my university is called University Carlo III in Madrid.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: And I'm a senior, but I'm a double bachelor degree, so I'm graduating next year. And my double bachelor is in computer science and business.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: My professional interest probably is project management, like, combining this computer science knowledge with business management, and how to be a good leader. My skills, well, as…
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: all computer science students, a lot of programming languages, Python, Java, C++,
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: JavaScript, then also data analysis tools, which is very important, like SQL or Excel, or PowerPoint.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: And that combined with a strong finance and business knowledge, as I'm doing also at BBA.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: My work experience is as…
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I've worked this summer as a project manager for Santander, so that's why I like it, and I want to pursue my career in that. I also worked two summers ago in EDP, which is a part of this company, as an AI assistant. I also like it, but not as much as a project manager.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Well.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I speak three languages, I'm native in Spanish. I know English, I've been living here in the US two years. I also have a C1, an Advance.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: And also, be one in French. I can establish a conversation and talk with someone, but I'm not a professional.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Well…
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: I've done several projects. This one is from my last internship, sat down there. We were working 3 months on this, on September Wallet. This is for university, for,
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: for one class that we had. It's not very related with, business, but it's more related with…
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Communications and electronics, it was in the first year.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Well, as I told you in my education, the university cargo third. I went to Madrid to study there, because it's a good university. I did two exchanges, one in Minnesota and one in NIU.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: And if you want to contact me, my email is here. My phone number is 763-393-0-5855.
Carlos Luengos Alvarez: Thank you very much for… For listening. Bye.